#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile pyproject.toml
#
absl-py==1.3.0
    # via tensorboard
ale-py==0.7.4
    # via
    #   RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
    #   stable-baselines3
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
autorom[accept-rom-license]==0.4.2
    # via stable-baselines3
autorom-accept-rom-license==0.4.2
    # via autorom
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
box2d-py==2.3.8
    # via RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via
    #   gym
    #   huggingface-sb3
    #   stable-baselines3
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.8.0
    # via huggingface-hub
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
google-auth==2.14.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.51.1
    # via tensorboard
gym==0.21
    # via stable-baselines3
huggingface-hub==0.11.1
    # via huggingface-sb3
huggingface-sb3==2.2.4
    # via RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.13.0
    # via
    #   RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
    #   ale-py
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
    #   stable-baselines3
importlib-resources==5.10.0
    # via
    #   ale-py
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
    #   jsonschema
ipykernel==6.17.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
jupyter-client==7.4.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.23.3
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via stable-baselines3
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   ale-py
    #   contourpy
    #   gym
    #   huggingface-sb3
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   tensorboard
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via stable-baselines3
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.5.2
    # via stable-baselines3
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickle5==0.0.11
    # via RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   stable-baselines3
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==2.5.4
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.33
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via tensorboard
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   stable-baselines3
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyglet==1.5.1
    # via RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.6
    # via pandas
pyvirtualdisplay==3.0
    # via RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   huggingface-sb3
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==12.6.0
    # via stable-baselines3
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stable-baselines3[extra]==1.6.2
    # via RL-HF (pyproject.toml)
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.11.0
    # via stable-baselines3
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
torch==1.13.0
    # via stable-baselines3
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   stable-baselines3
traitlets==5.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   rich
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via requests
wasabi==0.10.1
    # via huggingface-sb3
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
